os/README.md, before:

To install this services run these commands in a terminal ::

    0. Download or clone project and place it in /home directory.
    1. sudo mkdir -p /usr/bin/backend_api/go/
    2. sudo mv /home/hw1/go/main /usr/bin/backend_api/go/
    3. sudo mv /home/hw1/nodejs/ /usr/bin/backend_api/
    4. sudo mv /home/hw1/os/go-api.service /home/hw1/os/nodejs-api.service /lib/systemd/system/
    5. sudo chcon --type=systemd_unit_file_t /lib/systemd/system/go-api.service
    6. sudo semanage fcontext -a -t systemd_unit_file_t "/lib/systemd/system/go-api.service"
        6.1. If no.6 results in "Command not found" try :
            yum provides /usr/sbin/semanage
            yum install policycoreutils-python-utils
    7. sudo systemctl enable go-api.service
    8. sudo systemctl start go-api.service
        8.1. You can check status with :
            sudo systemctl status go-api.service
    9. sudo chcon --type=systemd_unit_file_t /lib/systemd/system/nodejs-api.service
    8. sudo semanage fcontext -a -t systemd_unit_file_t "/lib/systemd/system/nodejs-api.service"
    10. sudo systemctl enable nodejs-api.service
    11. sudo systemctl start nodejs-api.service
        11.1. You can check status with :
            sudo systemctl status nodejs-api.service

Commit message:

Bash script added... FilePATH in main.js changed.

os/README.md, after:

To install this services ::

    0. Download or clone project and place it in /home directory.
    then you can run the setup_servies.sh bash or Run these commands in a terminal ::

    1. sudo mkdir -p /usr/bin/backend_api/go/
    2. sudo mv /home/hw1/go/main /usr/bin/backend_api/go/
    3. sudo mv /home/hw1/nodejs/ /usr/bin/backend_api/
    4. sudo mv /home/hw1/os/go-api.service /home/hw1/os/nodejs-api.service /lib/systemd/system/
    5. sudo chcon --type=systemd_unit_file_t /lib/systemd/system/go-api.service
    6. sudo semanage fcontext -a -t systemd_unit_file_t "/usr/lib/systemd/system/go-api.service"
        6.1. If no.6 results in "Command not found" try :
            yum provides /usr/sbin/semanage
            yum install policycoreutils-python-utils
    7. sudo systemctl enable go-api.service
    8. sudo systemctl start go-api.service
        8.1. You can check status with :
            sudo systemctl status go-api.service
    9. sudo chcon --type=systemd_unit_file_t /lib/systemd/system/nodejs-api.service
    8. sudo semanage fcontext -a -t systemd_unit_file_t "/usr/lib/systemd/system/nodejs-api.service"
    10. sudo systemctl enable nodejs-api.service
    11. sudo systemctl start nodejs-api.service
        11.1. You can check status with :
            sudo systemctl status nodejs-api.service
